ds-test invariants; testing functions run against arbitrary contract state (#647)
dapphub/dapptools: src/hevm/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Can now identify contracts with `immutable` by comparing bytecode modulo immutableReferences.

> - A new test runner for exploring arbitrary contract states.

Reviewer: Also phrasing here

> - A new test runner for exploring arbitrary contract states.

Author: ```suggestion
- A new test runner for checking invariants against random reachable contract states.
```
